Add Sequence-Level KD (#2220)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/gkd_trainer.md

## Usage tips

> The GKD Trainer is a wrapper around the [`SFTTrainer`] class that takes in a teacher model argument. It needs three parameters to be set via the [`GKDConfig`] namely:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`GKDTrainer`] is a wrapper around the [`SFTTrainer`] class that takes in a teacher model argument. It needs three parameters to be set via the [`GKDConfig`] namely:
```

* `lmbda`:  controls the student data fraction, i.e., the proportion of on-policy student-generated outputs. When `lmbda=0.0`, the loss reduces to supervised JSD where the student is trained with the token-level probabilities of the teacher. When `lmbda=1.0`, the loss reduces to on-policy JSD, where the student generates output sequences and token-specific feedback on these sequences from the teacher. For values in between [0, 1] it is random between the two based on the `lmbda` value for each batch.

> * `seq_kd`:  controls whether to perform Sequence-Level KD(can be viewed as supervised FT on teacher-generated out). When `seq_kd=True` and `lmbda=0.0`, the loss reduces to supervised JSD, where the teacher generates output sequences and the student receive token-specific feedback on these sequences from the teacher. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `seq_kd`:  controls whether to perform Sequence-Level KD (can be viewed as supervised FT on teacher-generated out). When `seq_kd=True` and `lmbda=0.0`, the loss reduces to supervised JSD, where the teacher generates output sequences and the student receives token-specific feedback on these sequences from the teacher. 
```
